c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\NLayerApp.WEB.dll.config
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\NLayerApp.WEB.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\NLayerApp.WEB.pdb
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\NLayerApp.BLL.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\NLayerApp.DAL.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\NLayerApp.BLL.pdb
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\bin\NLayerApp.DAL.pdb
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\obj\Debug\NLayerApp.WEB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\obj\Debug\NLayerApp.WEB.dll
c:\users\alexandr\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NLayerApp\NLayerApp.WEB\obj\Debug\NLayerApp.WEB.pdb
